guys it's done them design housing
youtube channel today i have made a
Henry Scudder convenor das kool hain she
felt the loss driver and scale member
skull Macklemore also the eternal that
that eternal youth ah
sidebar you tell us what's a bar and uh
I'm today Axew Axew tanchico us dude
each other absolutely it hard up but it
out of them ok let's try the Guru first
wait i put here ok ok hey skull buggin
nah Megan Megan one here is the space to
put inta come every day and it's made up
of the paper
did I ok ok let's try
it is the turn of um ah a total psycho
ah ok let's try it out a thorough ah
axel and engine belt they'll deal deal
ok
okay instead turn of Dharma Shlomo
condom condom hi YouTube I'm the horses
condom design hosting YouTube channel
Andrew